Fixed #36026 -- Updated the class-based View's documentation to explain the setup function (#18952)
django/django: docs/ref/class-based-views/base.txt

        Performs key view initialization prior to :meth:`dispatch`.

>         Sets up three key instance attributes:
> 
>         * ``self.request`` - The current request object
>         * ``self.args`` - Positional arguments captured from the URL pattern
>         * ``self.kwargs`` - Keyword arguments captured from the URL pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Assigns the :class:`~django.http.HttpRequest` to the view's ``request``
        attribute, and any positional and/or keyword arguments
        :ref:`captured from the URL pattern <how-django-processes-a-request>`
        to the ``args`` and ``kwargs`` attributes, respectively.
```
I think we can reuse some existing description from `as_view(**initkwargs)` above
